Added in salted-pbkdf2-hmac-sha512-512 (#1992)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/reference/password-hashes.adoc

}
```

== Salted PBKDF2 HMAC SHA-512

PBKDF2 (Password-Based Key Derivation Function2) applies a hash-based message authentication code (HMAC) to the salted input and iterates based upon a factor to produce the hashed output. A recommended factor for this hashing algorithm is between `5,000` and `100,000` depending on the CPU performance of your system.

> The following are the string values used by the FusionAuth API to request this algorithm with the `512` bit key algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is the string value used by the FusionAuth API to request this algorithm with the `512` bit key algorithm.
```
